Hi, I hope you are very, very well
I am delighted to be an end of
week more with you the
Easter in fact today is Sunday of
and then comes the week of
easter so it occurred to me
teach them how to make some eggs of peace
with very good very clever and good
before they call me a malinchista and
who knows that the instrument that
mexico this tradition is not used
of the Easter rabbit back spoken the
smell but if it is to use it in others
countries so stay with me for
know this tradition together
As they had commented, I had the
curious to know the meaning of
This tradition
so I was touring the wikipedia santa
according to the legend the rabbit bring high
full of colorful eggs and candy to
children's homes is mentioned by
first time in the work of georg frank a
fan that even of bishops and virus job something
so about the easter eggs of
1682 which refers to a tradition of
Alsace of a hare that brings eggs from
easter in pagan origin is supposed to
the choice of the rabbit is due to its
known ability to procreate from
before Christ - the rabbit was a
symbol of fertility and immaturity
gonadal associated with the Phoenician goddess
quite someone else was also dedicated
the month of April
the rabbit as a symbol of fertility
and renewal in the German religion is
It became a tradition within
this tradition there was a legend
German in which a poor woman
unable to offer sweets to their children
hidden in the garden decorated eggs
the children seeing a rabbit believed that
I had laid the eggs since then
the children made a nest that
He was in the garden waiting
the bunny eggs
and have dressed
I'm not a father
wow in Christianity already within the
5th century 678
Germanic Christians had
transferred that feast to the faith
Christian assigning him the celebration of
the resurrection of christ and they adopted the
pagan track in the traditions
Christians in this new framework
they developed the legend that when
they put Jesus in the tomb had
inside the cave a hidden rabbit
that very scared saw as all the people
I went in crying and I was sad because
jesus had died the rabbit stayed
there seeing the body of Jesus when
they put the stone that closed the
entrance so he spends a lot of time watching it
all day and all night when from
suddenly he saw that Jesus got up and doubled
the sheets with which they had
wrapped an angel that take stone that
it covered the entrance and Jesus left the
cave
the rabbit understood that Jesus was the
son of god and decided that he had to
warn the world and all people
they cried that they no longer had to
be sad because Jesus had
resurrected like rabbits can not
talk occurred to him that if he had a
painted egg that they would understand the
message of life and joy and so he did
since then according to the legend the
rabbit leaves every Sunday
to leave colored eggs in all
houses to remind the world that jesus
resurrected and that you have to live happy and
good in particular it seems like a
nice story so I hope that you
like all those who celebrate this
great tradition and those not now
we celebrate it would be very funny
try and well I already talked a lot
let's do it
you will need eggs kinder surprise
Paint of different colors is very
important that is not toxic brushes and
diamond brushes and all that
material that serves to decorate and for
Of course the surprise is saying what
go to introduce in the egg what
first is to unwrap very carefully
the chocolate takes care that the whole
the wrapper will need soon
separates very carefully the two parts
of chocolate can help you with a
knife then replaces the surprise
with something that you want money jewelry
sweet coins and so on
reassemble the egg and proceed
wrap it with the original wrap
remember to maintain impeccable hygiene
you may have some problems in
this point but obviously neglects
it will be like factory and the
wrapper you may have left a little
loose to solve this we take
small pieces of toilet paper or
napkin and using only water
clean we proceed to stick some layers
Once the eggs are covered, leave them
dry with the fan because
obvious reasons if you leave it to the sun
chocolate is finally melted
since they dried up it was time for
paint them and decorate them as you like
or something
I hope you liked this
water tutorial and remember that they can
use this same technique and hide
inside what you want money
sweet is a diamond card is a
engagement ring world and apart to
end of the video you will find a few
Greetings that have been asking me
a few videos guys I say goodbye
see you until next Saturday my
social networks are at the end
of the video take good care of goodbye a place
where enormously in trouble
now you hear some of that all
bonus greetings so your source is
alejandro arribas lupita moscoso johana
mendoza durán and díaz flores will mendoza
carmen andrade andrade adriana hernández
and alfredo walsh